they talk tomorrow yesterday but just
his last six games I know he's become
more available you'll need it back from
him but what have you seen in that your
ability to trust him that's probably
grown exponentially on me just
consistent obviously he puts in a work
in effort to come out every night to be
in one of the best shooters on the floor
in the league and you've seen his payoff
our job is to go to find him and get him
open shelves are you at all amazed by
how quick his releases
I know practices every day man you know
like I said he he's every morning
putting the work nobody's around and
working on quick catches quick releases
he's definitely kind of for paying off
for you your free throw shooting I
remember after that because that filly
game that was so close she talked about
wanting to be better you know how proud
are you when you come up again like that
were you make them all something oh
definitely especially until syczyk into
the game I think that's when I was more
pissed about just trying to close our
games and make a free throws and again
it rested with the mask are you honestly
more comfortable with it now but is that
something you're going to continue to
wear even if they tell you you don't
need to wear it already to get rid of it
what's up the doctor said I can stop
wearing a normal take it off do you know
about how long that much longer that's
going to be no Allen Iverson recently
said he was maybe one of your biggest
fans as a guy growing up and probably
watched Iverson worse that mean to you
oh I'm is definitely honor the arsons
did a lot of great things in this league
and they're not great things from for
the city of Philadelphia so it's
definitely on to watch him gonna
not in watch basketball much grown up to
the truth Russ would you think of a
service documentary last night and kind
of what it was like to to see him share
that always great great great great
documentary get a chance to be able to
so she served a different space a few
but I didn't know him get opportunity to
kind of see him you see how he's
becoming too many as we come today
wrestles over point laying games unless
they take over because you can take over
the game but we're you know ok I've been
assisting I've been fighting my
teammates but also this is a time for me
to really exert myself in I don't know
take over is the only word I can think
oh my depends just get away the gay see
how the game is going see how the
Florida game is going kind of go over
works great mask racial everything is
clicking on both sides of the floor
obviously a Moen India was a big live
for us on page tonight yeah I started
but I think it was a great film if I go
play outside atmosphere tonight the six
is my favorite joy so I love this EP
ability success
my favorite sneak our class I don't
think a female need everybody do you
know gotta buy me some sneaky / - right